alright so far this war is going well
let's move forward and take Gettysburg
next let's go
alright men tragedy is simple the way
the Confederate just long enough for our
troops to get here we're outnumbered but
hold your ground men haha the Federals
are retreating the day is ending and
victory is ours we'll continue the
attack tomorrow and we shall surely win
this battle
a troop have arrived let's make a
fishhook formation along Cemetery Ridge
let's walk a line parallel to the
northern formation on seminary dawns on
we are now ready for the Confederate
attack I don't feel like waiting and I'm
hungry let's go check out that peach
orchard over there it's a good spot for
a picnic and it's a good strategic
location oh hi let's go check out that
peach orchard over there and then make
our
we've gained some ground but we have
failed to dislodge the federal army of
their position we shall continue
tomorrow
ok lassie ready for our coordinated
attack you go here and what time I think
I made a mistake her ok holy think that
we're going to concentrate on a type of
the Union Center we've got to break
through hold your fire men and infantry
chart is coming I'm sure wait for it I
knew it
wow that was reckless and predictable
it's all my fault we was finally this
long battle has ended
you